[Storybook8] Migrate 1:N call composite page (#5041)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook8/stories/Composites/CallComposite/1ton/Docs.mdx

```bash

npm install @azure/communication-calling@1.6.1-beta.1
npm install @azure/communication-chat@1.3.2

```

### Run Create React App

Let's test the Create React App installation by running:

```bash

npm run start

```

## Initialize Composite

Go to the `src` folder inside of `ui-library-quickstart-composites` and look for the file `App.tsx`.
Here we'll drop the following code to initialize our Composite Components for 1:N Calling using the call adapter.

The adapter requires an [access token](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/concepts/identity-model#access-tokens),
and ACS User ID's for the call to be setup for 1:N. For this quickstart, the access tokens required need to have `VoIP` scope.

`App.tsx`

<Source code={Quickstart1TonSnippet} />

## Run Quickstart

To run the code above use the command:

```bash

npm run start

```

Successfully starting the quickstart with a Callee userID and access token will call the callee as seen in the preview image below.
![1ton quickstart with inbound call](images/1ton-quickstart-with-inbound.png)

## Troubleshooting

> See the [troubleshooting page](./?path=/story/troubleshooting--page) for some common problems and recommended solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [troubleshooting page](./?path=/docs/concepts-troubleshooting--docs) for some common problems and recommended solutions.
```

## Mixing Modalities

UI Library supports mixing PSTN and 1:N modalities into one calling experience. If you wish to develop a scenario where

> both is needed, an [alternateCallerId](./?path=/docs/composite-adapters--page) must be provided for the user initiating the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both is needed, an [alternateCallerId](./?path=/docs/composites-adapters--docs) must be provided for the user initiating the call.
```

If an altnerateCallerId is not provided, then only ACS users are able to be added into the call in a 1:N scenario.

## Setting Up Inbound Calling

The UI Library does not officially support inbound scenarios. However, our Stateful Call Client provides developers a [CallClientState](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@azure/communication-react/callclientstate?)
for [incomingCalls](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@azure/communication-react/callclientstate#@azure-communication-react-callclientstate-incomingcalls)
to accept and reject calls. This allows developers to create scenarios where their apps can receive calls from outbound 1:N calls using the UI Library.

> To set up inbound calling instantiate Stateful Call Client, Call Agent, and Call following the [Stateful Call Client quickstart](./?path=/docs/quickstarts-statefulcallclient--page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up inbound calling instantiate Stateful Call Client, Call Agent, and Call following the [Stateful Call Client quickstart](./?path=/docs/stateful-client-get-started-call--docs.
```
